# Pet-Motel
 This is a simulator for a pet motel -- where people's pets can stay while they go on vacation. Cats, dogs, and birds are all supported. The problem is that these pets need to be let out of their cages to get exercise but there is just one playground.  Cats and dogs must not be permitted to play together, nor cats and birds. Any number of cats can play together, any number of dogs may play together, and any number of birds may play together. Also, dogs and birds can play together in any numbers.  Each animal is represented by a thread. Implement a monitor with 6 methods: cat_enter(), cat_exit(), dog_enter(), dog_exit(), bird_enter(), bird_exit(). The monitor should have one or more condition variables and (of course) a single mutex. Animals should only be forced to wait when their entrance would break a rule. Sleeping and busy waiting are absolutely not permitted in your animal simulation code (it's fine for the main thread to sleep for 10 seconds before telling the animal threads to quit). Program should take three command line arguments: the number of cats, dogs, and birds. Your main function should create the proper number of threads and then they should repeatedly attempt to enter the playground until 10 seconds have passed, at which point each thread should exit. The main function should join all of the created threads, then print out how many times the cats, dogs, and birds were able to enter the playground. Between 0 and 99 of each kind of animal must be supported. You must perform error checking and exit with a friendly error message if the number of command line arguments is incorrect or if an argument isn't a number of is a number that is out of range. 
 Example run: $ ./petMotel 2 2 2 
 cat play = 5726, dog play = 274161, bird play = 274152
